BD-4381: Clarify Connected Content Liquid isn't supported for selections filter settings (#9328)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/selections.md

### Liquid in selection results

> Using any Liquid in catalogs, such as custom attributes and custom events, can result in different results returned for each user in your selection. Note that Connected Content Liquid isn't supported in these filter settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using any Liquid in catalogs, such as custom attributes and custom events, can result in different results returned for each user in your selection. 

{% alert note %}
Connected Content Liquid isn't supported in these filter settings.
{% endalert %}
```
Thoughts on making this an alert?
